Adds batch commands for Signal, Cancel, and Terminate (#2466)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/cli/batch/index.md

There are three types of Batch Jobs:

- Cancel: cancels the Workflow Executions specified by the List Filter.
- Signal: sends a [Signal](/concepts/what-is-a-signal) to the Workflow Executions specified by the List Filter.
- Terminate: terminates the Workflow Executions specified by the List Filter.

Batch operations can affect multiple Workflows simultaneously.
Depending on your needs, you might want to send Signals to running Workflows, Cancel them, or even Terminate them entirely.

> Below, are examples on these commands using Temporal's CLI for each type of Batch operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are examples of how to use the Temporal CLI for each type of Batch operation.
```

> Using these commands will directly impact the Workflows you target, so it's important to use them judiciously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These commands will directly impact the Workflows you target, so it's important to use them judiciously.
```

> **What Are the CLI Commands for Batch operations in Temporal Workflows?**

Reviewer: Maybe move this to the top and rephrase to: "What batch operations can be performed by the Temporal CLI?"

> You can use the `--query` flag to filter the Workflow Executions to be affected by the Batch Job.

Reviewer: I might add that the value of `--query` is actually a List Filter -> and link to that.

> To Cancel a Workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To Cancel a Workflow:
```

```command
temporal workflow cancel \
  --query 'ExecutionStatus = "Running" AND WorkflowType="YourWorkflow"' \
  --reason "Testing"
```

> To Signal a Workflow:

Reviewer 2: Given the batch operation, would we consider to use plural here?
